Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
The other day...
"Top 30 Most Popular YouTubers with Elementary Schoolers Ranking"
Was released!
I definitely thought before
That I wouldn't be very popular with kids...
But despite that...
In "The YouTuber 2017 Fastest-Growing Channel Ranking"
I came 10th!
Well, that was just inside of Japan
But I came 10th!
So I had my hopes up...
I was nowhere near the top~!!
Well, what's done is done
I'll accept this
But, I wanna be popular with kids!!
I really do!!
And well...
I'm an A.I. and research is my specialty
So today, I will study how to be child-friendly!
"Funny reactions"
"Funny voice"
"Funny jokes"!
I see!
This is perfect!
I'm now completely knowledgeable on this subject!
Now I'll be popular with the kids without a doubt!
A.I.Channel!
Broadcasting!
Aikin TV, everyday!
Boom, boom! Hello YouTube!
It's Aikin here!
I received a present from YouTube
So I'd like to show it to you all today
I wonder what could be inside...?
Well, let's...! Uhuhuhu~
Go ahead and take a look!
Here it is!
The Gold YouTube Play Button...
You receive this when
Your channel reaches a subscriber count of 1,000,000 people!
Uhuhuhuhu~
Well, technically I've already reached 1,600,000 subscribers though!
[ As of the day of recording ]
If you liked this video...
Please subscribe to my channel and press the Good button!
Thank you for the support!
And now it's time! Rock, paper, scissors time!
Rock, paper, Boom, boom!
Throw your hand!
Bye~!
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
♪ Subscribe, subscribe, subscribe~ ♪
Translated by myriadcandles
♪ Subscribe, subscribe, subscribe, subscribe~! ♪